Husband, I have to be fair
Rulong has been so good since he was a child
Hand anorexia
Give it to him, that's everyone's consensus.
But what about you?
The eldest son should have been happy to get it back
But since you don't say anything
I gave the night market to that night gift
No one would be convinced, right?
Dad, I'm really rebellious
But you are also wrong
I just can't accept it.
For the sake of poverty
It just so happens that everyone on the board is here today
Everyone attacks the election
Is that okay?
I support I don't support
The Ye family is primogeniture
This is all pre-ordered
Ye Tianci is the heir of the Ye family
There is no justification for re-election
Hey, how did I hear
This Ye Tianci is just a small security guard.
And a very, very useless little security guard
But I also heard that Ye Tianci is the owner of the temple shop
Lover, don't forget that you are my woman
Do you really not want to ask for the support of our Zhang family?
Have you forgotten my existence?
Zhang Shao, although you are a shareholder of the board of directors
But I, Ye Wei, am still alive
It's not your turn to point fingers here
You and Ruge's marriage will be discussed later.
I am afraid that the Ye family will bring back a waste
This Ye family had a great future
Abandoned
Night Market Future
What do you think?
There are you guys who are wine-blind rice bags interviewing here
Is there a future?